docs/commands/goodreads.md, before:

# Goodreads

## Commands

The `/goodreads` commands are used to interact with [Goodreads](https://goodreads.com).

| Command  | Options                                               | Description                                                |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `search` | `query: string`, `limit: number`, `ephermal: boolean` | Fetches a list of book links from GR for the given `query` |
| `link`   | `query: string`, `ephermal: boolean`                  | Fetches a single book link from GR for the given `query`   |
| `book`   | `query: string`, `ephermal: boolean`                  | Fetches details of a book from GR for the given `query`    |
| `cover`  | `query: string`, `ephermal: boolean`                  | Fetches cover of a book from GR for the given `query`      |
| `quote`  | `query: string`, `ephermal: boolean`                  | Fetches a random quote from GR for the given `query`       |

Commit message:

Set up Azure deployment, documentation, error handling, role checks,  and fix pre-release bugs (#240)
* version bump

* error loading api client

* update event info embed

* update announce message

* bug fix

* bug fixes

* await error handlers

* enhancements

* minor improvements

* update workflows

* add npm auth to action

* cleanup

* radnom try #1

* random try #2

* Add or update the Azure App Service build and deployment workflow config

* try with windows #1

* enforce engine

* test

* add express server for health check

* fix epheremal typo

* add docsify

* minor option changes

* serve docs as homepage of server

* hash router ftw

* camelcase bug fix

* fix gr quote bug

* 0.1.2

* event request bug

* bug fix

* update yarn.lock file

* I hate azure

* docs update

* schema changes

* schema change

* add role checks

* allow staff to broadcast

* update workflows

* lint fix

docs/commands/goodreads.md, after:

# Goodreads

The `/goodreads` command group contains commands that interact with [Goodreads](https://goodreads.com).

## Commands

All commands listed below can be used after typing `/goodreads` in the chat bar on Discord.

?\> By default, all commands in this module will respond in "ephemeral" messages in Discord. This means that no one else will see the response or know that you used the command. This can be manually turned off by using the 'ephemeral' option explicitly as 'False'

| Command                                   | Description                                              |
| ----------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| search \<query\> [limit=5] [ephemeral=True] | Fetches a list of book links from GR for the given query |
| link \<query\> [ephemeral=True]             | Fetches a single book link from GR for the given query   |
| book \<query\> [ephemeral=True]             | Fetches details of a book from GR for the given query    |
| cover \<query\> [ephemeral=True]            | Fetches cover of a book from GR for the given query      |
| quote \<query\> [ephemeral=True]            | Fetches a random quote from GR for the given query       |

!\> **IMPORTANT**: The Goodreads redesign has affected how Gregg fetches data from goodreads. You might see error messages or see that commands work only some of the time.
